README.md, before:

Gecko SDK Documentation
=======================

Click [here](http://siliconlabs.github.io/Gecko_SDK_Doc/) for the software documentation hosted on GitHub pages.

This is the GitHub documentation repository for the [Gecko SDK](https://github.com/SiliconLabs/Gecko_SDK). Here you can find documentation for all the software components offered by Silicon Labs for the [EFM32](http://www.silabs.com/products/mcu/32-bit/Pages/32-bit-microcontrollers.aspx), [EFR32](https://www.silabs.com/products/wireless/Pages/wireless-gecko-iot-connectivity-portfolio.aspx) and [EZR32](http://www.silabs.com/products/wireless/proprietary/Pages/proprietary-wireless-protocols.aspx). It covers the basic software needed for development, with everything from the low-level hardware abstraction layer (HAL) and peripheral drivers to communication stacks and example code.  
This documentation is also available within [Simplicity Studio](http://www.silabs.com/simplicity) by clicking the *Documentation* tab. and for datasheets, reference manuals and other documentation items, download [Simplicity Studio](http://www.silabs.com/simplicity) or head over to the [document library](http://www.silabs.com/support/pages/document-library.aspx?p=MCUs--32-bit).


Gecko SDK
---------

The Gecko SDK is software development kit developed by Silicon Labs for the [EFM32](http://www.silabs.com/products/mcu/32-bit/Pages/32-bit-microcontrollers.aspx), [EFR32](https://www.silabs.com/products/wireless/Pages/wireless-gecko-iot-connectivity-portfolio.aspx) and [EZR32](http://www.silabs.com/products/wireless/proprietary/Pages/proprietary-wireless-protocols.aspx). It contains the basic software needed for development, covering everything from the low-level hardware abstraction layer (HAL) and peripheral drivers to communication stacks and example code.
The Gecko SDK is also part of the [Simplicity Studio](http://www.silabs.com/simplicity) toolsuite from Silicon Labs. Downloading Simplicity Studio also gives you access to a large range of tools, like Configurator and Energy Profiler together with access to all software and documentation.

Commit message:

Added a note about continued maintenance

README.md, after:

Gecko SDK Documentation
=======================

Click [here](http://siliconlabs.github.io/Gecko_SDK_Doc/) for the software documentation hosted on GitHub pages.

This is the GitHub documentation repository for the [Gecko SDK](https://github.com/SiliconLabs/Gecko_SDK). Here you can find documentation for all the software components offered by Silicon Labs for the [EFM32](http://www.silabs.com/products/mcu/32-bit/Pages/32-bit-microcontrollers.aspx), [EFR32](https://www.silabs.com/products/wireless/Pages/wireless-gecko-iot-connectivity-portfolio.aspx) and [EZR32](http://www.silabs.com/products/wireless/proprietary/Pages/proprietary-wireless-protocols.aspx). It covers the basic software needed for development, with everything from the low-level hardware abstraction layer (HAL) and peripheral drivers to communication stacks and example code.  
This documentation is also available within [Simplicity Studio](http://www.silabs.com/simplicity) by clicking the **Documentation** tab. For datasheets, reference manuals and other documentation items, download [Simplicity Studio](http://www.silabs.com/simplicity) or head over to the [document library](http://www.silabs.com/support/pages/document-library.aspx?p=MCUs--32-bit).

**Note:** The Gecko SDK here is no longer updated, since it's now part of the larger Gecko SDK Suite package. Download [Simplicity Studio](http://www.silabs.com/simplicity) and use the **Update Software** button in the **Launcher** view to access the latest and previous SDK versions.

Gecko SDK
---------

The Gecko SDK is software development kit developed by Silicon Labs for the [EFM32](http://www.silabs.com/products/mcu/32-bit/Pages/32-bit-microcontrollers.aspx), [EFR32](https://www.silabs.com/products/wireless/Pages/wireless-gecko-iot-connectivity-portfolio.aspx) and [EZR32](http://www.silabs.com/products/wireless/proprietary/Pages/proprietary-wireless-protocols.aspx). It contains the basic software needed for development, covering everything from the low-level hardware abstraction layer (HAL) and peripheral drivers to communication stacks and example code.
The Gecko SDK is also part of the [Simplicity Studio](http://www.silabs.com/simplicity) toolsuite from Silicon Labs. Downloading Simplicity Studio also gives you access to a large range of tools, like Configurator and Energy Profiler together with access to all software and documentation.
